---
title: "Manage your notifications"
slug: manage-your-notifications
---


This article describes notifications and how to access and manage them in CloudMC.

## Overview

From time to time, you will receive various messages inside the platform. Some of these messages may be automatically generated by the system, others may be titled and published by your system administrator. Collectively, these messages are referred to as **notifications**.

Your notifications appear in the **Notifications** panel, which is accessible via the bell icon on the right side of the menu bar, at the top of the page.

## Notifications from the system

When certain operations are performed, the system may need to communicate further information to you in order to complete the operation. For example, when adding a new instance you need the new password to log in, or when generating new API credentials, you need to be presented with the new key.

For these situations, CloudMC will create a notification in the Notifications panel, a red badge will appear on the bell icon in the menu bar at the top of the page, and the sensitive information will be presented inside the notification. Click the bell icon to revearl the **Notifications** panel. You can copy the information out of the notification, and then clear the notification to preserve security.

Because of the transitory and sensitive nature of system notifications, they are accessible only from the notifications panel and are never saved by CloudMC.

## Notifications from your organization

When your organization needs to communicate with you, your system administrator will publish a notification. Notifications from your organization will appear in one of two ways:

-   **Regular notification**: These will appear in the **Notifications** panel
-   **Splash notification**: These will appear in the center of the page, similar to a dialog box

When a new regular notification has been published, a red badge will appear on the bell icon in your menu bar at the top of the page. Click the bell icon to reveal the **Notifications** panel. If a notification is too large to fit in the panel, there will be a button to **Read more**, which will take you to your **Notifications** page where you can read the full message. Once the Notifications panel has been opened and then closed, notifications will be considered acknowledged and will disappear from the panel, and the red badge will be removed from the bell icon. Opening the Notifications panel is the only way to acknowledge a notification.

Notifications which have disappeared from the **Notifications** panel will be visible on the **Notifications** page until your administrator removes the notification. You can also navigate directly to the **Notifications** page by clicking on the **User** menu in the toolbar, clicking on **My profile**, and then clicking on the **Notifications** item. Notifications cannot be acknowledged from the **Notifications** page.

Some notifications are sticky, meaning that your administrator requires you to manually clear the notification after you've read it. To clear a sticky notification, open the Notifications panel and click the **Clear** button next to the notification. You can also use the **Clear all** button at the top of the panel.

Splash notifications, on the other hand, do not appear in the Notifications panel. Instead, these appear in the center of the CloudMC page. They have a **Close** button, and all functionality in the platform is unavailable until you close the notification. If you log out and then log back in, the notification will be displayed again, until you click the **Close** button.

